DATASET
('meqsum', 'meqsum_bigbio_t2t') - train - 1000

T2T SAMPLES:

TEXT1: SUBJECT: who and where to get cetirizine - D MESSAGE: I need/want to know who manufscturs Cetirizine. My Walmart is looking for a new supply and are not getting the recent
TEXT2: Who manufactures cetirizine?

TEXT1: who makes bromocriptine i am wondering what company makes the drug bromocriptine, i need it for a mass i have on my pituitary gland and the cost just keeps raising. i cannot ever buy a full prescription because of the price and i was told if i get a hold of the maker of the drug sometimes they offer coupons or something to help me afford the medicine. if i buy 10 pills in which i have to take 2 times a day it costs me 78.00. and that is how i have to buy them.  thanks.
TEXT2: Who manufactures bromocriptine?

TEXT1: SUBJECT: nulytely MESSAGE: Hello can you tell me where do i order the nulytely who is the manufacture, what phone number can i call. thanks.
TEXT2: Who makes nulytely, and where can I buy it?

TEXT1: Williams' syndrome I would like to have my daughter tested for William's syndrome. Could you please tell me where I would go or who does it in my area?  Thank you!!
TEXT2: Where can I get genetic testing for william's syndrome?

TEXT1: ClinicalTrials.gov - Question - general information. Both my parents died in [LOCATION] TX with multiple myeloma, father in 70's and mother 84 years old.   the attending oncologist advised that I should be tested every few years. I was unaware of a genetic test for MM I am 63 yr old female, in good health, and where could I get the genetic test for MM and approx cost for testing?
TEXT2: Where can I get genetic testing for multiple myeloma, and what is the cost?


DATASET
('muchmore', 'muchmore_bigbio_t2t') - train - 6374

T2T SAMPLES:

TEXT1: The posterior cruciate ligament (PCL) is the strongest ligament of the human knee joint. Its origin is at the lateral wall of the medial femoral condyle and the insertion is located in the posterior part of the intercondylar area. The posterior cruciate ligament consists of multiple small fiber bundles. From a functional point of view, one can differentiate fiber bundles with an anterior origin and fiber bundles with a posterior origin at the femur. The anterior fibers insert in the anterolateral part of the tibial insertion zone. These fibers become tense when the knee is flexed. The posterior fibers insert in the posteromedial part of the tibial insertion and become tense when the knee is extended. The main part of the posterior cruciate ligament consists of type I collagen positive dense connective tissue. The longitudinal fibrils of type I collagen are divided into small bundles by thin type III collagen positive fibrils. In the center of the middle third region, the structure of the tissue varies from the typical structure of a ligament. In this region, the structure of the tissue resembles fibrocartilage. Oval-shaped cells surrounded by a metachromatic extracellular matrix lie between the longitudinal collagen fibrils. The femoral origin and the tibial insertion have the structure of chondral apophyseal enthesis. Near the anchoring region at the femur and tibia there should be various mechanoreceptors which might have an important function for the kinematics of the knee joint. The blood supply of the PCL arises from the middle geniculate artery. The ligament is covered by a synovial fold where the terminal branches of the middle and the inferior geniculate artery form a periligamentous network. From the synovial sheath, the blood vessels penetrate the ligament in a transverse direction and anastomose with a longitudinally orientated intraligamentous network. The distribution of blood vessels within the PCL is not homogeneous. We detected three avascular areas within the ligament: Both fibrocartilaginous entheses of the PCL are devoid of blood vessels. A third avascular zone is located in the central zone of fibrocartilage of the middle third region.
TEXT2: Das hintere Kreuzband ist das kräftigste Band des menschlichen Kniegelenks. Es entspringt fächerförmig an der Innenfläche des Condylus femoris medialis und inseriert im hinteren Anteil der Area intercondylaris. Es besteht aus einer Vielzahl kleiner Faserbündel. Unter funktionellen Gesichtspunkten können femoral anterior entspringende Fasern von femoral posterior entspringenden Fasern unterschieden werden. Die anterioren Fasern inserieren im anterolateralen Abschnitt der tibialen Insertionszone und spannen sich in Beugestellung des Gelenks an. Die posterioren Fasern inserieren im posteromedialen Abschnitt der tibialen Insertion und sind in Streckung gespannt. Der Hauptteil des hinteren Kreuzbandes besteht aus straffem Bindegewebe. Die Kollagenfibrillen vom Typ I werden von Typ-III-Kollagen-positiven Fibrillen zu Bündeln zusammengefasst. Im mittleren Drittel weicht die Struktur des hinteren Kreuzbandes von der typischen Struktur eines Bandes ab. Hier hat das Gewebe die Struktur von Faserknorpel. Zwischen den Kollagenfibrillen liegen ovale Zellen, die von einer metachromatischen Matrix umgeben werden. Die Insertionszonen des hinteren Kreuzbandes an Femur und Tibia entsprechen in ihrem histologischem Aufbau einer chondralen Ansatzstruktur aus straffem Bindegewebe, Faserknorpel und mineralisiertem Faserknorpel. Im Bereich der Insertionszonen sollen Mechanorezeptoren vorkommen, die für die Kinematik des Kniegelenks bedeutsam sind. Die Blutgefäßversorgung des hinteren Kreuzbandes erfolgt im proximalen Anteil über Endäste der A. genus media. Im distalen Anteil erhält das hintere Kreuzband seinen arteriellen Zufluss aus Endästen der Aa. genus inferiores medialis und lateralis. Die Blutgefäße bilden proximal und distal ein periligamentäres Netzwerk, welches das hintere Kreuzband umhüllt. Von diesem Gefäßnetz dringen Blutgefäße in das Band, wo sie sich parallel zum Bandverlauf ausrichten. Die Verteilung von Blutgefäßen innerhalb des hinteren Kreuzbandes ist nicht homogen. Innerhalb der chondralen Insertionszonen sowie innerhalb der Faserknorpelzone im Zentrum des Bandes sind keine Blutgefäße nachweisbar.

TEXT1: An investigation of 122 knee joints was performed concerning the incidence and morphological characteristics of the meniscofemoral ligaments (MFL) Humphry and Wrisberg. Of the knees examined, 96% showed one or more ligaments, the incidence was independent of gender or age. The osseous parameters of the dorsal and ventral notch as well as the diacondylar width did not correlate with the incidence of MFL. The ventral notch width index (NWI) after Souryal was 0.22 in females and 0.24 in males. A dorsal notch width index (dNWI), which has not been described so far, was 0.26 in females and 0.28 in males. The ligamentum meniscofemorale posterius (Wrisberg) showed distinct morphological variations. This resulted in a classification of type I-III. The results of the study underline the importance of the MFL for knee joint function including stabilization, proprioception, and meniscal positioning.
TEXT2: 122 Kniegelenkpräparate wurden auf Inzidenz und anatomische Charakterisika der meniskofemoralen Ligamente (MFL) Humphry und Wrisberg untersucht. In 96% der Knie konnten die Bänder gesehen werden, ihr Auftreten zeigte sich unabhängig von Alter, Geschlecht und Seitigkeit. Auch die Maße der knöchernen Strukturen, die ventrale und dorsale Notch sowie die diakondyläre Breite korrelierten nicht mit dem Vorkommen und der Ausprägung der Ligamente. Der ventrale Notchweitenindex (NWI) nach Souryal betrug bei Frauen 0,22, bei Männern 0,24. Der dorsale NWI berechnete sich bei Frauen auf 0,26, bei Männern auf 0,28. Das Lig. meniscofemorale posterior wies anatomische Varianten auf, die eine Einteilung in die Typen I-III zuließ. Die Ergebnisse unterstreichen die Bedeutung der MFL für die Funktion des Kniegelenks, die im Bereich der Stabilisation, der Propriozeption und der Meniskusstellfunktion zu sehen ist.

TEXT1: This article discusses the surgical treatment of chronic posterior knee instability. The treatment rationale includes osteotomy, posterior cruciate ligament (PCL) reconstruction, and posterolateral reconstruction. Exact evaluation of the osseous anatomy is mandatory to identify an eventual varus morphotype. This osseous variant in combination with posterior/posterolateral instability should be treated by an osteotomy. An additive osteotomy correcting varus and increasing the sagittal tilt of the proximal tibia is used. Patellar tendon grafts, quadriceps tendon grafts, or hamstrings can be used for posterior cruciate ligament replacement. Arthroscopic or mini-open techniques may be used for graft placement; direct posterior fixation of the graft via a posterior incision is an option for patellar tendon grafts. Bousquet's biceps plasty or Clancy's biceps tenodesis are used for posterolateral stabilization, a biceps tendon strip can also be used for lateral collateral ligament reconstruction. Results of surgery are still moderate. Of the author's series with chronic posterior/posterolateral instability, 26 cases were treated with posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction and biceps tenodesis. Follow-up at 18 months demonstrated increased stability (mean residual posterior drawer 8 mm at 70 ° and 20 lb force) and improved knee function (33% IKDC B, 67% IKDC C). Presently, surgical treatment of chronic posterior knee instability should be restricted to centers devoted to this problem.
TEXT2: Bei chronischen hinteren Knieinstabilitäten bestehen oft komplexe Instabilitätsformen unter Beteiligung der Sekundärstabilisatoren, wobei v. a. das posterolaterale Gelenkeck und das laterale Seitenband zu nennen sind. Die Instabilitätsform muss exakt definiert werden. Achsenaufnahmen beider Beine unter Belastung sind erforderlich, um die Beinstatik zu beurteilen und das Vorliegen eines Varusmorphotyps zu erkennen. Das individuelle Behandlungskonzept muss die Möglichkeit einer valgisierenden und reklinierenden Osteotomie, geeignete Techniken zur Rekonstruktion der Sekundärstabilisatoren wie des Popliteusecks und des lateralen Seitenbande sowie Techniken zum Ersatz des hinteren Kreuzbands einschließen. Sofern eine Osteotomie indiziert ist, wird sie im ersten Schritt durchgeführt. Die Bandrekonstruktion kann heute unter Verwendung autogener Bindegewebstransplantate oder von Allografts durchgeführt werden. Dabei werden für den hinteren Kreuzbandersatz vorwiegend autologe Patellar- oder Quadrizepssehnentransplantate, aber auch zunehmend Pes-anserinus-Sehnen verwendet. Zur Rekonstruktion der lateralen und posterolateralen Strukturen können ein gestielter Bizepssehnenstreifen oder ein freies Bindegewebstransplantat verwendet werden. Für schwierige Fälle findet auch die Bizepstenodese Verwendung. Die Ergebnisse der Stabilisierung posteriorer und posterolateraler Instabilitäten sind jedoch derzeit noch relativ inkonstant und lassen es geboten erscheinen, diese Chirurgie auf Einrichtungen mit entsprechender Fallzahl und Erfahrung zu beschränken.

TEXT1: The treatment of acute posterior instabilities can involve a reconstructive procedure as well as an antidislocation augmentation. Tibial bony avulsion ruptures must be reconstructed. For the treatment of chronic posterior instabilities we used the patella tendon graft, which can be implanted by an anterior or posterior approach. In cases of posterolateral instabilities, additional procedures are necessary.
TEXT2: Neben rekonstruktiven Maßnahmen in der Therapie frischer hinterer Instabilitäten, isoliert oder kombiniert, kommt die Antisubluxationsplastik heute zum Einsatz, tibiale knöcherne Ausrisse werden refixiert. In der Behandlung der veralteten hinteren Instabilität steht die Patellarsehnenersatzplastik, sowohl von ventral als auch von dorsal, heute im Vordergrund. Bei posterolateralen Instabilitäten sind Zusatzmaßnahmen erforderlich.

TEXT1: Since 1989, 99 people presenting with posterior knee instability were treated by a unique technique. Of these patients, 55 were available for long-term follow-up (mean 8.2 years); 85% were male, the mean age was 28 years and sport injuries predominated traffic accidents, 52.7% and 40%, respectively. Previous operations could be observed in 29 cases and in 5 patients a high tibial osteotomy and a biceps tenodesis was simultaneously performed with the PCL reconstruction. Clinical evaluation using the IKDC form showed 45 patients scoring in group C and 10 in group D preoperatively. Improvement was achieved in 72.7% of all cases, 63.6% had excellent or good results (3 A, 32 B, 17 C, and 3 D). The Tegner activity score before injury was 7 and was not found to be higher than 5.5 at follow-up. We think that PCL reconstruction with the middle third of the LAD-augmented patella tendon using an anterior and posterior approach is a good technique for surgical therapy of posterior knee instability.
TEXT2: Seit 1989 wurden an unserer Klinik 99 Patienten mit einer hinteren Knieinstabilität unterschiedlichen Ausmaßes mit einer einheitlichen Operationsmethode versorgt, 55 Personen konnten für eine Langzeituntersuchung von durchschnittlich 8,2 Jahren erreicht werden. In 85% der Fälle war das männliche Geschlecht betroffen, das Durchschnittsalter lag bei 28 Jahren, und Sportverletzungen überwiegten bei der Unfallursache in 52,7% der Fälle. Zumindest 1 Voroperation wiesen 29 Patienten auf, wir führten bei 3 Personen zusätzlich eine Bizepstenodese und in 2 Fällen eine valgisierende Tibiaosteotomie durch. Die Evaluierung mittels IKDC-Score zeigte präoperativ die Verteilung der Patienten nur in Kategorie C und D und konnte postoperativ in 72,7% der Fälle verbessert werden (3-mal A, 32-mal B, 17-mal C und 3-mal D), hingegen erreichte der Tegner-Aktivitätsscore nur einen Wert von durchschnittlich 5,5, im Vergleich zu 7 vor dem Unfall. Patienten mit Vor- oder Zusatzoperationen zeigten etwas schlechtere Ergebnisse als der Durchschnitt. Die Rekonstruktion mit der LAD-augmentierten Lig.-patella-Sehne über einen vorderen und hinteren Zugang stellt aus unserer Sicht eine gute Methode zur operativen Therapie der hinteren Knieinstabilität dar.


DATASET
('multi_xscience', 'multi_xscience_bigbio_t2t') - train - 30369

T2T SAMPLES:

TEXT1: Author(s): Kuperberg, Greg; Thurston, Dylan P. | Abstract: We give a purely topological definition of the perturbative quantum invariants of links and 3-manifolds associated with Chern-Simons field theory. Our definition is as close as possible to one given by Kontsevich. We will also establish some basic properties of these invariants, in particular that they are universally finite type with respect to algebraically split surgery and with respect to Torelli surgery. Torelli surgery is a mutual generalization of blink surgery of Garoufalidis and Levine and clasper surgery of Habiro.
TEXT2: This note is a sequel to our earlier paper of the same title [4] and describes invariants of rational homology 3-spheres associated to acyclic orthogonal local systems. Our work is in the spirit of the Axelrod–Singer papers [1], generalizes some of their results, and furnishes a new setting for the purely topological implications of their work. Recently, Mullins calculated the Casson-Walker invariant of the 2-fold cyclic branched cover of an oriented link in S^3 in terms of its Jones polynomial and its signature, under the assumption that the 2-fold branched cover is a rational homology 3-sphere. Using elementary principles, we provide a similar calculation for the general case. In addition, we calculate the LMO invariant of the p-fold branched cover of twisted knots in S^3 in terms of the Kontsevich integral of the knot.

TEXT1: A statistical model for segmentation and word discovery in child directed speech is presented. An incremental unsupervised learning algorithm to infer word boundaries based on this model is described and results of empirical tests showing that the algorithm is competitive with other models that have been used for similar tasks are also presented.
TEXT2: This paper presents a model-based, unsupervised algorithm for recovering word boundaries in a natural-language text from which they have been deleted. The algorithm is derived from a probability model of the source that generated the text. The fundamental structure of the model is specified abstractly so that the detailed component models of phonology, word-order, and word frequency can be replaced in a modular fashion. The model yields a language-independent, prior probability distribution on all possible sequences of all possible words over a given alphabet, based on the assumption that the input was generated by concatenating words from a fixed but unknown lexicon. The model is unusual in that it treats the generation of a complete corpus, regardless of length, as a single event in the probability space. Accordingly, the algorithm does not estimate a probability distribution on wordss instead, it attempts to calculate the prior probabilities of various word sequences that could underlie the observed text. Experiments on phonemic transcripts of spontaneous speech by parents to young children suggest that our algorithm is more effective than other proposed algorithms, at least when utterance boundaries are given and the text includes a substantial number of short utterances.

TEXT1: We solve the subgraph isomorphism problem in planar graphs in linear time, for any pattern of constant size. Our results are based on a technique of partitioning the planar graph into pieces of small tree-width, and applying dynamic programming within each piece. The same methods can be used to solve other planar graph problems including connectivity, diameter, girth, induced subgraph isomorphism, and shortest paths.
TEXT2: It is well known that any planar graph contains at most O(n) complete subgraphs. We extend this to an exact characterization: G occurs O(n) times as a subgraph of any planar graph, if and only if G is three-connected. We generalize these results to similarly characterize certain other minor-closed families of graphs; in particular, G occurs O(n) times as a subgraph of the Kb,c-free graphs, b ≥ c and c ≤ 4, iff G is c-connected. Our results use a simple Ramsey-theoretic lemma that may be of independent interest. © 1993 John Wiley & Sons, Inc.

TEXT1: Daviau showed the equivalence of matrix Dirac theory, formulated within a spinor bundle (S_x C _x^4 ), to a Clifford algebraic formulation within space Clifford algebra (C ( R ^3 , ) M _ 2 ( C ) P ) Pauli algebra (matrices) ≃ ℍ ⨁ ℍ ≃ biquaternions. We will show, that Daviau's map θ: ( : C ^4 M _ 2 ( C ) ) is an isomorphism. It is shown that Hestenes' and Parra's formulations are equivalent to Daviau's Clifford algebra formulation, which uses outer automorphisms. The connection between different formulations is quite remarkable, since it connects the left and right action on the Pauli algebra itself viewed as a bi-module with the left (resp. right) action of the enveloping algebra (P^ P P^T on P ). The isomorphism established in this article and given by Daviau's map does clearly show that right and left actions are of similar type. This should be compared with attempts of Hestenes, Daviau, and others to interprete the right action as the iso-spin freedom.
TEXT2: A historical review of spinors is given together with a construction of spinor spaces as minimal left ideals of Clifford algebras. Spinor spaces of euclidean spaces over reals have a natural linear structure over reals, complex numbers or quaternions. Clifford algebras have involutions which induce bilinear forms or scalar products on spinor spaces. The automorphism groups of these scalar products of spinors are determined and also classified.

TEXT1: We present an open architecture for just-in-time code generation and dynamic code optimization that is flexible, customizable, and extensible. While previous research has primarily investigated functional aspects of such a system, architectural aspects have so far remained unexplored. In this paper, we argue that these properties are important to generate optimal code for a variety of hardware architectures and different processor generations within processor families. These properties are also important to make system-level code generation useful in practice.
TEXT2: Abstract : This thesis investigates adaptive compiler systems that perform, during program execution, code optimizations based on the dynamic behavior of the program as opposed to current approaches that employ a fixed code generation strategy, i.e., one in which a predetermined set of code optimizations are applied at compile-time to an entire program. The main problems associated with such adaptive systems are studied in general: which optimizations to apply to what parts of the program and when. Two different optimization strategies result: an ideal scheme which is not practical to implement, and a more basic scheme that is. The design of a practical system is discussed for the FORTRAN IV language. The system was implemented and tested with programs having different behavioral characteristics.


DATASET
('paramed', 'paramed_bigbio_t2t') - train - 62127

T2T SAMPLES:

TEXT1: 也许 不能 : 分析 结果 提示 激素 疗法 在 维持 去 脂 体重 方面 作用 很小 .
TEXT2: probably not : analysis suggests minimal effect of HT in maintaining lean body mass .

TEXT1: 与 衰老 相关 的 肌肉 萎缩 是 活动 能力 下降 的 重要 预测 因素 .
TEXT2: age @-@ related loss of muscle mass ( sarcopenia ) is an important predictor of impaired mobility .

TEXT1: 研究者 确定 了 12 项 评估 去 脂 体重 变化 情况 的 绝经期 激素 疗法 随机 试验 .
TEXT2: investigators identified 12 randomized trials of menopausal HT in which changes in LBM were assessed .

TEXT1: 4 , 474 名 参与者 的 平均年龄 为 58 岁 , 平均 随访 时间 为 2 年 .
TEXT2: among 4474 participants , mean age was 58 and median follow @-@ up was 2 years .

TEXT1: 强化 老年人 出院 时 的 血压 控制 方案 与 再 入院 和 严重 不良 事件 增加 相关 .
TEXT2: Intensifying blood pressure regimens at discharge in older adults was associated with excess readmissions and serious adverse events .


DATASET
('scielo', 'scielo_en_es_bigbio_t2t') - train - 177782

T2T SAMPLES:

TEXT1: Social vulnerability is an inequality indicator associated with insecurity, exclusion, uncertainty, lack of protection, susceptibility to health damage, and unequal access to health care.
TEXT2: La vulnerabilidad social es un indicador de desigualdad y se asocia a la inseguridad, exclusión, incertidumbre, desprotección, susceptibilidad a daño en la salud y desigualdad en el acceso a la atención de salud.

TEXT1: It is a state to which social determinants of the overall context converge, being a substrate for health problems.
TEXT2: Es un estado donde convergen los determinantes sociales del contexto en que viven las personas, constituyéndose en sustrato de los problemas de salud.

TEXT1: Deteriorating health is main consequence of adverse social conditions accumulated during life, as high-level risk and physical and psychological damage are generated compared to population groups who do not present the social vulnerability condition.
TEXT2: El deterioro de la salud es la principal consecuencia de condiciones sociales adversas acumuladas durante la vida, puesto que se genera un alto nivel de riesgos y daños físicos y psicológicos en comparación a grupos poblacionales que no presentan la condición de vulnerabilidad social.

TEXT1: Health vulnerability is understood as the deprotection that people face due to lack of personal, family, social, and financial resources.
TEXT2: La vulnerabilidad en salud es entendida como la desprotección que enfrentan las personas debido a la falta de recursos personales, familiares, sociales y económicos.

TEXT1: In these scenarios, primary health care PHC requires relevance as a capital of vulnerable groups, due to the territorial distribution and universal accessibility of public health centers, being a strategy that allows to prevent and mitigate health risks.
TEXT2: En estos escenarios, cobra relevancia la atención primaria de salud APS como un activo de los grupos vulnerables, debido a la distribución territorial y accesibilidad universal que tienen los centros de salud pública, constituyéndose en la estrategia que permite prevenir y mitigar los riesgos en salud.


DATASET
('scielo', 'scielo_en_pt_bigbio_t2t') - train - 2828917

T2T SAMPLES:

TEXT1: Albinism comes from the Latin albus, which meaning white, and is a group of hereditary disorders in which the biosynthesis of the pigment melanin is absent or reduced.
TEXT2: O albinismo, vem do latim albus, significa branco, é um grupo de desordens hereditárias em que a biossíntese do pigmento de melanina está ausente ou reduzida.

TEXT1: Currently it is classified according to the gene affected, and no longer as partial or total, tyrosinase positive or tyrosinase negative.
TEXT2: Atualmente é classificado de acordo com o gene afetado e não mais como parcial ou total, tirosinase positivo ou tirosinase negativo.

TEXT1: The gene for tyrosinase is in chromosome 11q14-21 and the P gene on chromosome 15q11.2 are most commonly affected genes, and mutations in these genes cause type 1 oculocutaneous albinism OCA1; OMIM203100 and type 2 oculocutaneous OCA2; OMIM 203200, respectively.
TEXT2: O gene para a tirosinase no cromossomo 11q14-21 e o gene P no cromossomo 15q11.2 são os genes mais comumente afetadas, as mutações nestes genes causam albinismo oculocutâneo tipo1 OCA1; OMIM203100 e oculocutâneo tipo 2 OCA2; OMIM 203200, respectivamente.

TEXT1: These types of albinism are inherited in an autosomal recessive manner, and are expressed in both men and women.
TEXT2: Estes tipos de albinismo são herdados de forma autossômica recessiva e são expressos em homens e mulheres.

TEXT1: Mutations involving the OCA1 affect tyrosinase, whereas those responsible for the OCA 2 compromise a protein known as protein P. Contrary to what happens with the albino OCA1, tyrosinase in OCA2 is unchanged, but is compromised due to protein P.This protein, responsible for the control of pH, is found in the membrane of melanossomes, cellular organelles where melanin is stored.
TEXT2: As mutações que envolvem o OCA1 afetam a tirosinase, enquanto que as responsáveis pelo OCA 2 comprometem o funcionamento de uma proteína conhecida como proteína P. Ao contrário do que ocorre com o albino OCA1, a tirosinase em OCA2 não é alterada, porém está comprometida devido ao funcionamento incorreto da proteína P. Essa proteína, responsável pelo controle do pH, é encontrada na membrana dos melanossomos, organelas celulares onde é armazenada a melanina.


